Feat/users management (#272)
recognai/rubrix: docs/getting_started/user_management.md

# User are provided as a list
- username: user1
  hashed_password: # <generated-hashed-password>. See previous steps
  api_key: "ThisIsTheUserAPIKEY"
- username: user2
  hashed_password: # <generated-hashed-password>. See previous steps
  api_key: "ThisIsTheUserAPIKEY"
...
```

Then, save the file in some local path and configure environment variable with stored path
```bash
export RUBRIX_LOCAL_AUTH_USERS_DB_FILE=/path/to/.users.yaml
```

Launch rubrix instance:
```bash
python -m rubrix.server
```
This configuration will make enable your configured users for data annotation

## Configure using docker-compose

Be sure your users db file is created in same folder that your `docker-compose.yaml`.

Then, open provided `docker-compose.yaml` and configuration to rubrix service:
````yaml
docker-compose.yaml
services:
  rubrix:
    image: recognai/rubrix:latest
    ports:
      - "6900:80"
    environment:
      ELASTICSEARCH: http://elasticsearch:9200
      RUBRIX_LOCAL_AUTH_USERS_DB_FILE: /config/.users.yaml

    volumes:
      # We mount the local file .users.yaml in remote container in path /config/.users.yaml
      - ${PWD}/.users.yaml:/config/.users.yaml
      
    ...
````

> You can reload the rubrix service for refresh container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reload the rubrix service to refresh the container:
```

````bash
docker-compose up -d rubrix
````

> If everything go well, you can use configured users in rubrix for data annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything went well, configured users can now log in and their annotations will be tracked with their usernames.
```
